Update module-federation.mdx (#7220)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/concepts/module-federation.mdx

## Motivation

> Multiple separate builds should form a single application. These separate builds act like containers and can expose and consume code between them, creating a single, unified application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple separate builds should form a single application. These separate builds act like containers and can expose and consume code among themselves, creating a single, unified application.
```
